okay so it's back-to-school time and
you're gonna see a lot of videos on
YouTube of these back to school laptop
guides keep in mind that some of it is
endorsed content so just be aware of
what you're watching but also if you're
looking at stuff and you're seeing a
recommendation of a back-to-school
device and it's like a three or four
thousand dollar gaming laptop like you
know something's wrong so in front of me
our more realistic options these are all
reasonably well priced and before we get
into the individual things I want to
talk about just two kind of important
things to keep in mind when it comes to
purchasing a back-to-school device
number one value is really important
like student debt is no joke you want to
keep these things as inexpensive as
possible and you're probably gonna be
looking at used or refurbished stuff for
the best possible value there's some new
stuff here as well but often times
you're gonna get the best value when it
comes to older older devices secondly
are just the idea of gaming laptops I
cover a lot of gaming laptops my channel
they're awesome but for most people
they're not the best kind of
back-to-school device they're bigger
they're thicker they're heavier like
everything about them is they're not
meant for travel like especially for
battery life if you need to bring this
thing to school and run between
different classes before you bring it
back home you're gonna bring the AC
adapter with you it's just a lot more
weight than stuff that's designed for
portability okay I'm gonna start with
like the cheap of stuff and then work up
from there so the cheapest device I have
here is this this is the Acer Aspire 5
this is incredibly well valued for the
price tag there's a $300 AMD version and
a $350 Intel version these are both
really good options for the money you
get a solid keyboard you get a decent
screen good trackpad like the processing
power and I mean that you would need in
a kind of laptop package is done very
well at this price point it's not
perfect right the screen isn't super
bright I wish it was a little bit
brighter but it's hard to complain about
that for 300 bucks this device is
shockingly good for the money it
honestly makes me feel like they're
making like 50 bucks at most on each
device bizarre how cheap they can sell
this thing for okay secondly or the next
devices that I'd want to talk about are
the six to $700 devices now the biggest
difference between these and
$300 Easter just mentioned is mostly
going to be durability and just build
quality these are just better made the
first one up is the XPS 13 this is the
newest model but the one I'd actually
recommend is the 9350 from 2015 and 2016
carbon fiber deck with a good keyboard
good trackpad and it's just a really
solid device overall it's a reason why
it's such a popular device over the
years you can get that thing on Amazon
and eBay for around six hundred seven
hundred bucks pretty solid pick up the
other one that I like in this pile is
the Acer Swift three this is a new
device and they did a great job with it
the one weakness I would say is actually
the keyboard and this would affect
people that are buying stuff like this
for back-to-school the keyboard is a lot
softer than I'd like it's definitely
something you get used to the layouts
fine it's just that the responsiveness
of the keys is not as good as the other
devices in this kind of price point but
good overall device next up this is
actually my favorite of the bunch this
is actually crazy that they're getting
this at this price right now this is the
surface laptop wall this is the surface
laptop too but the one I'm talking about
is a surface laptop one you can get that
for six hundred and thirty bucks on
Amazon right now and it is such a good
value at that price point fantastic
keyboard great screen and for the people
that want it it has pen support which is
great for students this is my favorite
of the bunch at that price point like
when this thing launched it was way more
expensive than 630 bucks so yeah a great
device for the money last one is the
Asus options they have a Zen book 13 Zen
book 14 I've reviewed both of those I
reviewed all of these on my channel so
you want details a link them below but
this is also available for around 650
bucks it is a really solid machine and
if you want you can configure it with an
MX 150 which is a more powerful GPU all
four of these devices though are just
really solid I feel like you can't go
wrong with any of them my personal
favorite is that surface laptop just
because I feel like for students with
that really nice battery life and
keyboard it hits all the things that I
would want as a student alright once you
get past that $700 price point you start
getting closer to a thousand bucks and
once you're at like nine hundred
thousand dollars you can get some really
good stuff the first thing if you're
interested if you're someone that really
wants a MacBook the MacBook that would
recommend right now for students is
without a doubt
the MacBook Air the only other option
that you might be considering is the
MacBook Pro 13 which is around 200 bucks
more than the MacBook Air but the
biggest thing you're getting with the
pro is just stronger processing power
most people don't need it if you're a
developer and you're you know that's the
stream you're going in then sure
absolutely get the MacBook Pro because
the processor is more capable for
development but for most people MacBook
Air is the option if you want to go with
Apple's MacBooks okay
another device in that thousand dollar
price point right now is the XPS 95/60
this is probably my favorite of all the
devices I've mentioned in this video
this thing retailed for like fifteen
sixteen hundred dollars a couple years
ago it's now available for 950 bucks on
Amazon this has a huge battery 97 watt
hours a very powerful system upgradable
Ram SSD the whole package is really
solid it's got a nice screen carbon
fiber deck solid keyboard if you're
looking for a more premium laptop at a
fairly reasonable price I would
definitely check this thing out it's
again a refurb option but it's got the
whole Amazon refurb things you can send
it back for ninety days or something
like that it's a solid option okay I
have not mentioned many two-in-one
devices any tune one devices until now
so I personally don't enjoy using two
and one devices all that much but if I
had to pick one as just like a universal
recommendation it would definitely be
the surface pro devices these feels so
much better to me than any other
manufacturers attempt at some kind of
hybrid or two in one device there's
something about just the way these
things feel in your hand like they just
feel like actual functional tablets any
of the screens that flip onto the
backside of it like they just don't feel
nearly as enjoyable and as inviting to
use so the surface pro has my top pick
there's another variant of the cheaper
surface go which has a much smaller
screen I feel like a 10-inch screen for
like a daily kind of everyday school
device is probably not the best option
but it's definitely usable as like a
secondary device okay let's talk about
gaming laptops to wrap this up now I
said before unless you can actually use
the processing power or the graphical
power of these devices I would stray
away from them just because you're just
you know you're paying more for stuff
that doesn't really care
well to traveling and stuff like that
alright there's two devices that stick
out to me as being the best value on the
market right now when it comes to kind
of sub $1000 price point first is the
legion y 530 or Y 540 I've done reviews
for both of those these are the Lenovo
entry level gaming laptop very solid and
there's also the Acer Nitro 5 so this is
around
I think these start at 600 bucks if you
look at last year's model but the
current version is around 900 bucks
these are both solid I would say in
terms of just raw value Nitro 5 is
better but because of how just plain the
lgion devices are I much prefer the
design aesthetic like if you're pulling
this out in class I don't know there's
something about the nitro 5s red that
just pops out a little bit more but the
lgion it looks pretty clean now if your
budget allows for it and if you can
somehow trick your parents into buying a
gaming laptop that's a little bit more
expensive the predator Helios 300 from
2019 is a great value but it's still a
very expensive machine so that basically
wraps up this video now I didn't go into
detail on every single one of these I've
done reviews for every single one of
these devices if you find one that's
interesting to you you can check out the
links below but keep in mind that some
of them are of limited quantity so if
you're interested in something you
probably won't pick it up sooner than
later but that basically wraps up this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it I hope
you guys do well in school like good
luck in your school year hope you guys
picked up some kind of device that is of
appropriate price and yeah thumbs if you
liked it subsidy loved it
see you guys next time